everyone wants to post about stuff and
link to their own website or link to
somewhere else that's not on facebook
facebook hates that because if you link
to another site that means that person
is going off of facebook and the chance
of them coming back and clicking on an
ad are slim to none
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
so from a personal brand perspective a
lot of times people usually feel
comfortable with one platform i call it
repurposing content they make their
content for one platform like instagram
and then just repurpose it on twitter
facebook linkedin etc
what are some ways that people can build
their personal brand outside of social
media whether it's podcasts or email
newsletters like what are the other
things that people could be doing
yeah sure so
outside of social media some of the
things you can do to build your brand
and your platform is you need to get out
there on your own website
see social media has algorithms i know
linkedin and tick tock are great right
now and you can go viral but that's not
going to last forever
you controlling your own destiny is
super important so everyone should have
their own website
and just create a blog you can do it
with wordpress takes literally a few
minutes to click a button with most
hosting platforms get your domain name
and just start creating content whether
that's articles videos and the ones that
you're uploading on social media you can
also post on your blog collect emails
and then start sending out email blasts
uh collect text messages like phone
numbers start sending out text messages
every time you have a phone number
when you do these types of things you'll
start building up your brand over time
and it's called the rule of seven when
someone sees or interacts with your
brand seven times they're much more
likely to evangelize you buy from you uh
increase your word of mouth awareness by
telling their friends about you so all
you really need to do is just create
your own website and then leverage the
social platforms while they're driving
traffic and then push that traffic to
your website so that way you can control
that audience and not be relying on
those social platforms
so what do you think about business
people on social media especially like
facebook talking about politics and
tougher things should they be doing it
should they avoid it what are your
thoughts about that
everyone's going to have a different
stance on this i know some people are
very
passionate about certain subjects i tend
to avoid them because what happens is
you start polarizing in which some
people will do business with you and
some people won't for example my
friend's a realtor and she's a realtor
in nevada
and she deals with multi-millionaires
and some of her clients are even
billionaires and she's been doing real
estate for 20 30 years
someone found out she was a republican
because she started posting this content
and she lost quite a few home sales that
probably would have netted her a few
extra hundred thousand dollars in
commissions uh this year literally
because she was talking about the
presidential election and debate now i'm
not saying that's right or wrong or you
should or shouldn't but the one thing i
will tell you is if you start talking
about these sensitive topics like
religion politics there's a good chance
you can
be a little bit off-putting to a certain
audience and you could potentially lose
business so you rolled the dice of that
and that's why i don't talk about any of
that stuff online
so what about the blogs forums reddit
those type of platforms should be people
become experts inside of like embed
themselves in the internet in that
fashion
you can if your business is growing
you're doing millions and millions of
dollars and you have
multiple people in your marketing
department i highly recommend it if
you're running a small marketing team
with one or two three people i wouldn't
recommend it there's not enough time in
the day but if you were to use like
these forms or reddit look at the
subreddits don't just try to be an
expert on everything be expert within
your field and that's what the
subreddits are for example they'll have
a category just on digital marketing or
just on
crms or sales or whatever it may be same
with the forms online be an expert focus
on what you're doing there's a guy named
jason limpkin
who's known as a sas investor
and he goes on quora posts all the time
gets hundreds of thousands if not
millions of views and he only responds
to the startup related questions and the
sas related questions so that's the
thing you need to focus when you're on
these quote unquote micro uh social
sites or these
social sites with niche communities so
what about the digital articles and
online articles is that important to us
does that help with our ranking should
we be going out there trying to get not
just forbes and ink and those type of
big ones but should we be trying to get
the local newspapers to interview us
you should get whatever you can everyone
focuses on the forbes inc the huffington
post they're the hardest to get
takes the longest and you'll be shocked
on how little traffic they drive because
forbes and huffington post have so many
sections and although they get millions
of views unless you're featured on the
home page your article is usually not
going to be seen so when you get on
these micro sites like the local
newspapers it's more likely to be seen
because they're not producing as much
content so they're more likely to
showcase you on the major category pages
or on the home page so i would recommend
actually going for those smaller sites
first and then eventually if you have
extra time go after the inks the
huffington post what you'll find is it
gives you a brand awareness and remember
that example uh dan helped me with with
who is neil patel uh that's example of
brand awareness which helps with my seo
the second thing is it adds credibility
the third thing is is it also drives
business
so we haven't talked about the
the big platform facebook
that's the one that i always say
nobody's ever gonna acquire them
zuckerberg's too young and too rich and
anybody that even gets close to him he
buys them so whatsapp instagram etc
what are your thoughts about facebook
and how we can use it better for the
long term
the first thing people need to realize
about facebook is they make money by
people clicking on ads it's that simple
so when you're using facebook and people
used to do this years and years ago and
they're still doing this today everyone
wants to post about stuff and link to
their own website or link to somewhere
else that's not on facebook facebook
hates that because if you link to
another site that means that person is
going off of facebook and the chances of
them coming back and clicking on an ad
are slim to none
so if you want to do well on facebook
create the content that they lack they
want more videos to compete with youtube
they want more live content to compete
with the television stations so if you
do that on facebook you can get more
attention does it mean you're gonna go
viral no it's too old of a platform they
already have too many users but you're
gonna be better off and you're gonna get
the most from facebook and here's the
thing that people aren't doing on
facebook right now that is the best
money maker so you guys have probably
all seen home shopping network or qvc
we're on tv you see people selling
they're like i got this white t-shirt
it's amazing you know it was a hundred
dollars we're selling for 20 and we only
got 10 left
and on these channels they sell that
stuff you can actually go live on
facebook and sell products or services
whether it's b2c or b2b that converts
extremely well facebook likes that and
eventually they want to take a cut of
that so you should consider to start
selling on uh facebook i know some
someone who's selling hair products uh
every time they go live on facebook and
they sell on facebook they're generating
five figures each time which is amazing
and they're like huh how do i generate
more revenue and i was like well you're
going live once a month right start
going live once a week and then go live
three four times a week your numbers
would just go through the roof
so what's fascinating about instagram is
it's kind of like three different
platforms within one platform right
there's instagram the main feed there's
igtv the long form which is on its own
separate area there's reels and there's
instagram stories yeah looks like
there's four different things inside of
the one platform can you talk us through
instagram
sure so instagram has quite a few
different things uh you have your main
feed which funny enough to use algorithm
so just because a friend posts something
doesn't mean you're always gonna see it
then there's ig tv for those longer form
videos so they can compete with youtube
so if you create a youtube video upload
it to igtv as well because you just get
extra views
then you got the reels reels is like
going after tick tock funny enough i
spend so much time looking at reels and
just sending people the memes
and then you have so if you have
anything that's funny or entertaining
post the reels and then you have uh
stories and with stories you're just
showing tidbits about your life and heck
you can even go live
if you want to include that part of
stories or even another area within
instagram
and what's really cool about stories is
people can just get a glimpse throughout
your day in a few seconds so the more
stories you post the more engagement
you're gonna get and the one thing i
would recommend is if you're trying to
post stories also consider going live
because if you go live and you do
interviews like dan has a lot of
followers i have some followers probably
not nowhere near as many as him and if
we went live together in an interview
fashion dan and i were just
chit-chatting my followers stopped
following him his followers start
following me we both grow our profile
and that's the easy marketing technique
that people aren't using much the other
marketing technique that i don't see
people using much either is when you're
posting stories you can tell people to
swipe up and if you tell them to swipe
up you can sell them through the story
and tell them to swipe up if they want
to buy whether it's the e-commerce
product or a service and go to your
website and then you can convert that
person into a purchaser or a lead